all right so we'll do one more set the
patient also has a pain on the posterior
aspect of her shoulder that pain
obviously it's a small intestine channel
but that pain is actually controlled by
the supraspinatus and that superspinatus
is controlled by the triple warmer so
one of the wonderful points we can do
for that is Shen Guan one and a half
soon down from spleen nine that's
inserted and then the other point will
do will do a guiding point at triple
warmer at reformer three
you fine
right here Shan Shan
inserted right back to the base of the
palm this way so what we're doing is
we're creating the circuit we've got the
triple warmer the spleen nine or shin
bone pain down there the needle inserted
coming up here to the shoulder and then
we have the guiding point here the shoe
stream point trip when were three or
sanches on and that should alleviate the
pain that she has on this posterior
aspect of her shoulder does that feel
better
that's good yeah so she had pain prior
to the two needles and now she feels
relief and she feels a lot better so
again just to recap this patient we've
done a few different things
we had the knee pain at pericardium 6
kind of two points down deliver basic
deliver to and over 300 G 100 G we've
got Shen Guan right here over there
connected with trip 103 for her
posterior shoulder pain and we have a
needle eighty 801 somewhat close eighty
to one that's helping her clavicle pain
the right side eighty to one gets the
left side of clavicle pain and now each
other